plugin/kubernetes: set special ttl for clusterIP service (#2519)
coredns/coredns: plugin/kubernetes/README.md

    pods POD-MODE
    endpoint_pod_names
    upstream [ADDRESS...]

>     ttl TTL [clusterIPTTL]

Reviewer: To be consistent with surrounding style ...

```suggestion
    ttl TTL [CLUSTER-IP-TTL]
```

  that point to external hosts (aka External Services, aka CNAMEs).  If no **ADDRESS** is given, CoreDNS
  will resolve External Services against itself. **ADDRESS** can be an IP, an IP:port, or a path
  to a file structured like resolv.conf.

> * `ttl` allows you to set a custom TTL for responses and a optional clusterIPTTL for clusterIP service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ttl` allows you to set a custom TTL for responses and a optional **CLUSTER-IP-TTL** for clusterIP service
```
